README.md, before:

### Analysis of COVID19 cases and deaths in Lithuania since 2020


1. Cleaned and transformed public datasets(COVID and population).
  
  
2. Implemented 14-day moving average smoothing for time series analysis


3. Developed a plot to show infection trends over time by age category.
  

4. Normalizes this plot by 100.000 population in each age group.


5. Found 60days period per which COVID19 total deaths were highest.

 
6. In this 60days period found top10 municipalities where total deaths in that period were highest and created a plot.
   

## 📊 Dashboard Overview

### New covid19 cases in Lithuania in different age groups
![Chart 1](chart1.jpg)
### New covid19 cases in Lithuania in different age groups normalized per 100000 people
![Chart 2](chart2.jpg)
### New covid19 cases in Lithuania in different age groups per 100000 people, September 2021 - June 2022
![Chart 3](chart3.jpg)
### Top10 municipalities by total deaths at the 60days period where total deaths were highest in Lithuania
![Chart 4](chart4.jpg)

Commit message:

added death charts
rearrange files and rewrote README
analysis concluded for now

README.md, after:

### Analysis of COVID19 cases and deaths in Lithuania since 2020


1. Cleaned and transformed public datasets(COVID and population).
  
  
2. Implemented 14-days moving average smoothing for time series analysis


3. Developed charts to show infection and death trends over time by age category.
  

4. Normalizes these charts by 100.000 population in each age group.


5. ## 60-days period with highest total 10615 COVID19 deaths in Lithuania occured between 2020-11-20 and 2021-01-18

 
6. For this 60-days period normalized deaths count by 100.000 population for LT municipalities and build a chart with gradient.
   

## 📊 Dashboard Overview

### New covid19 cases in Lithuania by age groups with 14-days average
![Chart 1](output/chart1.jpg)
### New covid19 cases in Lithuania by age groups with 14-days average per 100000 population
![Chart 2](output/chart2.jpg)
### Covid19 deaths in Lithuania by age groups with 14-days average
![Chart 3](output/chart3.jpg)
### Covid19 deaths in Lithuania by age groups with 14-days average per 100000 population
![Chart 4](output/chart4.jpg)
### Municipalities ranking by total deaths at the 60days period where total deaths were highest in Lithuania
![Chart 5](output/chart5.jpg)
